hey everybody this is Parker Parker this
no no no wait don't tell me let me guess
Joey Monica Ross Rachel and I'm sorry I
think we didn't mention you Chandler I'm
kidding already you're my favorite why
don't each of you tell me a little bit
about yourselves actually I'm sorry we
we probably should get going
ah classic Ross Rachel Rachel look how
you glow may I
I think you already are Rachel you have
life growing inside you
is there anything in this world more
miraculous than a picture of a dog whose
is this hey hey but a beautiful place
what a great night I have to tell you
being here with all of you in event room
C I feel so lucky to think of all the
good times that have happened here the
birthdays the Proms the mitzvahs both
bar and box
but none of it will compare with tonight
my god I don't want to forget this
moment it's like I want to take a mental
picture of you all click I don't think
flash went off I'm gonna go find the
venture we'll be right back I'll go with
you come on somewhere there is someone
with a tranquilizer gun and a huge
butterfly net looking for that man I
have to go to the bathroom too but I
don't want him compliment my thing so
glad we weren't in the car did he ever
let up he called the Long Island
Expressway a concrete miracle oh this
room this night
that waiter his shoes I must take a
mental picture sorry were you guys
making fun of Parker that depends how
much did you hear well he's a little
enthusiastic what's wrong with that it's
it's so much well so what I like him
do you I make fun of the people that
you've dated tad Janus Mona no because
friends don't do that
but you want my opinion you want it
because in my opinion your collective
dating record reads like a who's who of
human crap
my god what a fantastically well live
hallway can I get you something to drink
like a water and Valium I must say you
know this apartment it's it's there are
no words I think it's a haven the third
floor paradise a modern day eating in
the midst of I know I know huh that's it
oh yeah
listen let's um why don't we just um sit
and relax you know just be with each
other quietly yeah yeah that sounds
great my god this is the most
comfortable couch I've ever said in my
entire life
let's try something else let's play a
game I love games
shocking um let's play the game of who
can stay quiet the longest
or Jenga let's play this one first and
remember whoever talks first loses yeah
I lose now Jenga is something wrong
wrong really you know the word wrong
everything isn't perfect everything
isn't magical everything isn't a glow
with the light of a million fairies they
were just brake lights Parker well
excuse me for putting a good spin on a
traffic jam
you don't have to put a good spin on
everything I'm sorry that's who I am I'm
a positive person no I'm a positive
person you are like Santa Claus on
Prozac at Disneyland getting laid so
what do you want me to do you want me to
be more negative you want me to be less
happy much less happy fine well then to
quote Ross I better be going hey don't
let the best store in the world hit you
in the ass on your way out
isn't this the most incredible fight
you've ever had in your entire life